Move color-parsing function logic to static method (#3960)
beeware/toga: changes/3946.removal.md

> The parsing function `travertino.colors.color()` (also accessible as `toga.colors.color()`) is deprecated. Use `travertino.colors.Color.parse()` instead (or the equivalent in Toga).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parsing function `travertino.colors.color()` (also accessible as `toga.colors.color()`) is deprecated. The Travertino method has been renamed `travertino.colors.Color.parse()`. There should be no need to use this method in Toga, as all APIs that accept colors will automatically parse of raw color representations from strings.
```
